---
layout: post
title: Hacks
courses: {'csa': {'week': 1}}
type: ccc
comments: True
permalink: /cookies
---

## Shell Commands
The shell commands I use are wsl, cd, git, sudo apt-get install/upgrade, make
source venv/bin/activate

## Version Control
# How are the files from GitHub placed on your local machine? How do you navigate to those files?

git clone (repo link)
cd vscode; cd miggycsa

# How are the files updated in GitHub? How do you navigate to those files?
Commit, push, sync changes
Open github and miggycsa repo. 

# How would you update your template of the portfolio_2025 repository? How would you make it more applicable to your specific course?

I would change my name in the config.yml and makefile, personalizae the index.md, create an about me, and have personal links like linkedin & email. 

## Localhost vs. Deployed Server

It is like running an single player game vs a multi player game. In a single player game(localhost) you are the only one who sees the changes you made and things you do in the game. In turn, because it is running on your computer, you can have super fast response time(update changes). However on multiplayer it takes times for your inputs to reflect because the changes need to reflect for everyone(deployed).
# What is the localhost URL for your project? Can anyone else see what you see?
http://localhost:4100/miggycsa/
Nope

# What is the GitHub Pages URL for your project? Can anyone else see what you see?

https://miggysp.github.io/miggycsa/
yes

## DNS and GitHub Pages
# Is there a domain on your GitHub Pages?
Yes, the domain is github.io while the subdomain is my github name. 

# Is the URL for your GitHub Pages different from your neighbors’ URLs? Did you change the URL? If so, when?

Yes, the URL was changed when we created our repositories. 